Boy, you asked for this
You say you are a trash at the bottom of society
It's okay, what are you talking about?
I also offended Master Jie
If I don't mess with you, who will I mess with?
You should touch me
I'm not a driver, okay?
I'd like to see what I can pay
Yo, the manager, Sister Jing, seems to be walking this way
Is it not good for us to do this?
What if Sister Jing comes?
He offended Master Xiong
Sister Jing came, I still got him
Yes, you have a master, I will support you
What are you afraid of? Help him.
He is our young master Jie, there is someone
Sister Jing, why are you free to come here today?
I have nothing to do today
Master Xiong told me to come and have a look
What's going on?
Sister Jing, you came just in time
This kid offended someone
I don't take you and Master Xiong seriously
I'm about to teach him a lesson
What do you mean?
This dog thing must mean that Lord Bear wants to befriend him
Oh, you said it.
This is from Master Xiong.
What kind of crap is this?
This is Master Xiong's purple gold card.
Don't you dare call him ragged.